TARGET = Some("wasm32-unknown-unknown")
OPT_LEVEL = Some("3")
HOST = Some("x86_64-apple-darwin")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = Some("/usr/local/opt/llvm/bin/clang")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
DEBUG = Some("false")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CC_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CC_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CC
TARGET_CC = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC
CC = Some("/usr/local/opt/llvm/bin/clang")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS
CRATE_CC_NO_DEFAULTS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
CFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_CFLAGS
TARGET_CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CFLAGS
CFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=CC_ENABLE_DEBUG_OUTPUT
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_wasm32-unknown-unknown
AR_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR_wasm32_unknown_unknown
AR_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_AR
TARGET_AR = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=AR
AR = Some("/usr/local/opt/llvm/bin/llvm-ar")
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown
ARFLAGS_wasm32-unknown-unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown
ARFLAGS_wasm32_unknown_unknown = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=TARGET_ARFLAGS
TARGET_ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rerun-if-env-changed=ARFLAGS
ARFLAGS = None
cargo:rustc-link-lib=static=secp256k1
cargo:rustc-link-search=native=/Users/sean_conrad/Desktop/encrypted-payloads/secret-contract/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/build/secp256k1-sys-8dd3862c819e72a1/out
